[calendar] Make `sourceId` parameter optional when creating a calendar (#8570)
expo/expo: packages/expo-calendar/CHANGELOG.md

### 🎉 New features

> - `sourceId` parameter (iOS only) now uses default calendar for given `entityType` if it's not provided. ([#8570](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/8570) by [@tsapeta](https://github.com/tsapeta))

Author: ```suggestion
- `createCalendarAsync` now uses default calendar for given `entityType` if `sourceId` parameter (iOS only) is not provided. ([#8570](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/8570) by [@tsapeta](https://github.com/tsapeta))
```
